[Doc] Update our documents from ti.var to ti.field (#1515)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/layout.rst

Advanced dense layouts
======================

> Fields (:ref:`scalar_field`) can be *placed* in a specific shape and *layout*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensors (:ref:`scalar_tensor`) can be *placed* in a specific shape and *layout*.
```
Could you review yourself first?

Defining a proper layout can be critical to performance, especially for memory-bound applications. A carefully designed data layout can significantly improve cache/TLB-hit rates and cacheline utilization. Although when performance is not the first priority, you probably don't have to worry about it.

> In Taichi, the layout is defined in a recursive manner. See :ref:`snode` for more details about how this works. We suggest starting with the default layout specification (simply by specifying ``shape`` when creating fields using ``ti.field/Vector/Matrix``),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Taichi, the layout is defined in a recursive manner. See :ref:`snode` for more details about how this works. We suggest starting with the default layout specification (simply by specifying ``shape`` when creating tensors using ``ti.field/Vector/Matrix``),
```
